<a name="ykjVp"></a>

## Box-FaceS — Official PyTorch Implementation

This repository contains  the **official PyTorch implementation** of the paper:<br /> **_Box-FaceS: A Bidirectional Method for Box-Guided Face Component Editing_**
<br />**Abstract:** 		While the quality of face manipulation has been improved tremendously, the ability to control face components, e.g., eyebrows, is still limited. Although existing methods have realized component editing with user-provided geometry guidance, such as masks or sketches, their performance is largely dependent on the user's painting efforts. To address these issues, we propose Box-FaceS, a bidirectional method that can edit face components by simply translating and zooming the bounding boxes. This framework learns representations for every face component, independently, as well as a high-dimensional tensor capturing face outlines. To enable box-guided face editing, we develop a novel Box Adaptive Modulation (BAM) module for the generator, which first transforms component embeddings to style parameters and then modulates visual features inside a given box-like region on the face outlines.  A cooperative learning scheme is proposed to impose independence between face outlines and component embeddings. As a result, it is flexible to determine the component style by its embedding, and to control its position and size by the provided bounding box. Box-FaceS also learns to transfer components between two faces while maintaining the consistency of image content.  In particular, Box-FaceS can generate creative faces with reasonable exaggerations, requiring neither supervision nor complex spatial morphing operations. Through the comparisons with state-of-the-art methods, Box-FaceS shows its superiority in component editing, both qualitatively and quantitatively. To the best of our knowledge, Box-FaceS is the first approach that can freely edit the position and shape of the face components without editing the face masks or sketches. .
<a name="wINHE"></a>


## The code of PyTorch implementation will be released later.<br /><br />
